Contents :::
	1. Data Visualization
	2. Power Query Editor
	3. DAX [ Data Analysis Expression ]
	4. Project 1 : Sales Data Analysis
	5. Project 2 : Insurance Data Analysis
	6. Project 3 : UPI transaction Data Analysis
	7. Miscellaneous Section
	8. Interview Questions 




Day to Day Working of a Data Analyst ::

	1. Attending daily calls [Meetings]
	2. Extracting, Cleaning and Analysing Data
	3. Documentation
	4. Client Interaction
	5. Collaborating with different teams 
	6. Preparing ad-hoc reports 
	7. Responding to queries and questions on mail 
	8. Incorporating Feedbacks
	9. Sharing and Maintaining the reports 
	10. Preparing Reconciliation and Data Visualisation

What is Power BI and why do we use it ? 
	BI means Business Intelligence 
	It is Microsoft business intelligence visualization tool  that presents data in the form of reports and dashboards to help users visualize data, share insights, and make data-driven decisions. ... 
	
Components of Power BI ::: 
	1. Power BI Desktop
	2. Power BI Service 
	3. Power BI Mobile Apllications 

General Workflow ::
	1. Data Gathering 
	2. Data Preparation
	3. Data Modeling --> 
	4. Reporting
	5. Publishing the report to Power Bi Service 
	6. Creating DashBoard 
	7. Sharing the reports and Dashboards 

Contents :::
	Creating Bar Charts
	Creating a column Chart


Data Preparation uses Transform Data feature when we load our data in Power BI .. 
	1. when preparing the data you should give a look to data type of column once.
	2. Data Profiling ::: Data profiling is the process of examining data from existing sources to understand its structure, content, quality, and interrelationships, and to collect statistics about it. It is done in View Tab of Power Bi In Transformation section while loading the data. Clumn Distribution, Column Profile and Column Quality ... 

	3. Appending Queries :: 
	

JOINs 
Left :: all values from left and matching values from right
left inner :: non matching from both are excluded ==  inner join 
left outer :: all the left are taken with the matching in right
	


	 